They don't want it, or who don't want it?
Hi!
Bless you.
Lovely. Hello, Andy. Hello.
Welcome to Drop of the Line.
Uh, this is already in his feedback, but...
And if you're listening at home, let's paint a picture.
There are three of us here, yep, because someone is now missing.
The last drop of the line had one extra fish.
Yep. She's gone. She's gone.
Only for nine months. She'll be back.
Yeah, yeah. Hope so.
She might look very different.
Don't think so. She might look like a white middle, middle-aged man.
And I'm a different name.
But she'll be back in spirit.
She will be back. Yeah.
She's having a great time.
Is she? Yeah.
I haven't kept in touch.
That's her. That's her.
I've been trying to observe the rules about employment law.
I don't think you're allowed to contact people when they're on maternity leave.
Well, I messaged her as a friend.
Yeah. That's where I went wrong.
And if you're listening with us, which I know you're not.
She's not listening to us.
Crazy.
All right, well, welcome to Drop of the Line.
This is a audience feedback segment.
The inbox.
Oh, it's been absolutely bursting.
Bulging. Oh, come on. Bulging. Overflowing.
Really?
Yeah, it's been big. It's been a big month.
We've got a lot to get through. Let's stop fanning about and let's get on with that.
Let's go on with that. All right.
Number one, Fact of the Week.
New segment that I've introduced.
Great.
From Andrew C.
Long time fan and recent clubfish member.
So hello, Andrew.
I have my first fish fact.
In South Carolina,
North is 90 miles southeast of New West.
So North is the name of a town.
Yep.
And New West is another town.
And I suppose that that means that
New West is 90 miles northwest of North.
Right.
Do we have any details about these places?
Nothing.
Ah.
Because North might just be named after Lord North,
the Prime Minister.
He doesn't specify, but I can't imagine it isn't.
Yeah, no, that's just, that's just a terrific fact.
We don't know anything else about it.
We don't know anything about it.
I'm afraid not. The context is pretty slim here.
These places don't sound like they're massive.
I will say that.
Yeah.
I always love going on the Wikipedia pages of these places
because the notable people,
there's always just one person
who is like the biggest basketball player,
you know, in the world, or it's always really fun.
Unincorporated, I'm guessing, these towns.
Again, Michael Jordan.
It's from all of those places.
Well, Michael Jordan played for North Carolina.
Where are we talking?
South Carolina.
So close.
One long throw away.
Anyway, Andrew, thank you. That's just a great fact.
Yeah, it's a really good fact.
Very good.
I feel like we're off the blocks.
But now we're also on the hook.
Section two is, get yourself off the hook.
I'm numbering the sections this month.
Okay.
Yeah.
Which of us is on the hook?
Well, great news. It's Anna.
Dear Anna, I heard you say on the podcast
that Singapore is the only country
that sells other flavors of yakult.
Oh, no.
I've got terrible news for one member of the team.
How has me who said that?
Really?
That's very honest.
I know.
Some people watching this.
I'll listen to this word of no on that.
And if I'd have kept stump,
it would have popped me in a bad light.
So it's tactical honesty in a way.
Yeah, fair enough.
You've been thought your hands been forced.
Well, James, apparently supermarkets
across the channel do do too.
And then Bart has sent an image of some yakult plus
Peer-Zick Smark from other...
I can only assume the Netherlands.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's just a new N-E-U-W
which suggests that it hasn't always been there.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
I think you're off the hook.
Whoa!
Nice.
Easy.
What a great detective.
You just got given one bit of evidence.
So you're, like, you columboded it.
Just one more question.
That was great.
Vince writes, fun fact.
The only advert not to offer a discount on no such thing.
So we're an AdLan now, I'm afraid.
Okay.
Has been the BBC TV license advert.
Is that true?
Why?
Where is the fish discount?
No, that's not true.
It's not true.
Airbnb, we don't do a discount for it.
It's true.
We've done some charity ones
which are sort of, you know, a horrible disease or something
and then, like, you can't give a discount on that.
So...
Yeah.
Quite rightly.
You can't get a discount, of course, on your TV license
if you go black and white.
Can you still believe there is still one or two holdouts?
That's fantastic.
Can you still get a half price?
I believe there are still one or two people in the country
that have every now and then you get a news article
don't you that says there are still 37 people
with black and white TV licenses.
That's so good.
That's brilliant as half price, isn't it?
Whenever the TV license and guy comes round,
they turn down the colour of my TV.
I saw a fact just yesterday,
which was, you know, the scene in The Wizard of Oz
where it goes from black and white and then she opens the door
in its color, Technicolor.
Technicolor.
So there is this little video that suggests,
I'd want to say it's total fact,
but I just saw this the other day,
that the black and white,
they painted the inside of the room seepia, as it were,
and they did that to Dorothy as well.
So they put her in clothing, which was matching the colour
and they did up her face to match the colour.
So the idea is that they filmed it in colour,
but they made it seem as if it was in...
Brilliant, so when she opens the door,
they use a stunt double as the door opens
of the background of her,
and then Dorothy, who's in her normal clothing,
walks into the colour.
So it's not a jump between black and white and colour,
the whole thing is in colour.
That's a really good idea.
If you go back and watch the clip again,
it's pretty remarkable if that's the case.
Yeah, if that's the case.
Did you say?
Yeah, as I said, I saw a video on it yesterday,
but I didn't think this would come up.
I haven't checked it to verify it.
I believe it.
Kicking for me.
Oh, yeah?
Kyla Jamison writes about, I don't know if you remember,
we mentioned a lake in Canada called, like, Minne Wanker.
Oh, yeah, we did.
And you said that it would be where Tom Cruise went or something?
Something like something really unkind like that.
And I'm sorry, Tom, if you're watching.
And he probably is watching watches.
Yeah, he gets this footage, even though,
even if we don't release it, he'll get it.
Do you know what I mean?
It's being live streamed.
He's got power.
Yeah, anyway, it's pronounced Minne Wanker.
Oh.
That will be Wanker.
Yeah.
Minne Wanker's trucked up factory.
There you go.
Very nice.
Yep.
Source, I used to live near it.
It's lovely, says Kyla.
So thank you for that.
Yeah.
I'm just going to say that this podcast
does have a history of mispronouncing things
to come of effect.
It's true.
If you don't like that, listen to a different podcast.
Yeah.
We used to apologize, didn't we?
Not anymore, which is--
Well, now that we are--
She gets a bit annoyed about it.
If she's not here, then.
Yeah, yeah.
So for the next nine months, we're off the blocks.
This is just a thing we said slightly wrong.
But it's from Josh McDonald from Atlanta, Georgia.
Anyway, we-- this is a very recent episode.
We talked about Quantum Baseball.
That was the reason-- the episode knows
that's the thing is Quantum Baseball.
Yes.
So what happened was there was a question
about how did one player play for two teams in the same match.
And you suggested it might have been a quantum effect.
And actually, the game was postponed halfway through.
And the game was transferred.
That's exactly right.
Well, in the course of that episode,
we also did a large bit about Sumo wrestling.
Oh, yeah.
Is that it?
So there was no reason for me to go into that.
But you were so fluent when you said it.
I thought, well, I can't.
I don't want to.
So the thing about Sumo wrestling--
No, I could go through the whole thing.
But it was about them being unbicycles, I think.
Yes.
But Josh says, during the episode,
you're referred to the wrestlers as Sumo's multiple times.
But actually, that would be like calling a dance player a dart
or a football ball.
Yeah, they're Yoko Zuma's, how they--
He says Rikishi.
Oh, Rikishi.
Rikishi.
There we go.
And you know what's something to do with wrestling?
Yeah, it says WWE.
There was a wrestler that went under that name in the '90s.
Dan's eyes light up.
The bloodline.
Well, it's interesting, because Rikishi
is related to Yoko Zuma, who you just mentioned is another thing.
And the current crop of the biggest stars in WWE
are the son of Rikishi.
So--
They're the son of what?
Jay Uso is the son of the wrestler Rikishi,
who's one of the biggest wrestlers.
Jimmy Uso is one of the biggest--
It's not that every single wrestler in WWE
are all sons of this one.
I have to say.
No, no, no, that'd be crazy.
But compelling storyline.
Dominant bloodline.
We like succession.
But with being thrown through tables.
Yeah, it kind of is.
It kind of is.
Well, Josh has a fun fact, because of all the breeding exercises
that the Sumo wrestlers do for training,
quite a few of them are excellent singers.
And he attaches a video of the now retired Coco Zuma
Kaku Ryu singing Frank Sinatra's "My Way."
Lovely.
Which I listen to earlier, and it's very good.
It's good.
Oh, yeah.
He's got the chops.
It feels like "My Way" might be the name of a person
in Japan or China.
Like "I Way Way."
"I Way Way."
"My Way Way" would have been a good show.
Yes.
That's a good show.
That's a good end.
If he's looking for a fringe, a number of fringe shows.
Absolutely.
I think he is.
Yeah.
All right, we now come to the "I'm Actuallys."
OK.
Section three, I think.
Yes, we're in section three.
And the previous one was "Get yourself off the hook."
So that was like, you're in trouble.
And this is just his extra stuff.
Can I just say this is terrible for the edit
that you're putting everything in another,
and you keep referencing the order of things?
We can't leave anything around.
I want--
I want you not to.
I want to--
I want to ruin things.
Yeah, I'm in tricks to mode.
This is dark Andy, you're seeing now.
Is it?
Yeah.
Well, we'll get through it.
Andrea Gilby.
Oh, yeah.
Now, we really missed it.
We dropped a great opportunity.
We missed it, rather, in one of the Edinburgh shows.
There was Nish Kumar talking about Jimmy Hendrix.
I just listened to the latest episode
and re-Nish's story about Jimmy Hendrix and the monkeys.
They toured together.
Jimmy Hendrix opened for the monkeys.
Yeah.
I don't know where.
There's a coronation street connection between them two.
Oh, really?
So Jimmy Hendrix loved coronation street.
Yeah.
Davey Jones played the grandson of Ena Sharples
in Coronation Street.
Wow.
So Jimmy Hendrix sort of seen Davey from the monkeys on TV.
And then--
Potentially, if it was in the right--
Oh, yeah.
--and he actually didn't miss that day's episode or anything.
He played the who?
The grandson of Ena Sharples.
OK.
When he was really young?
It sounds like he was young.
Because it was before he moved to the USA
to play the artful dodger in Oliver.
So he can't have been--
Unless he was watching reruns.
Unless he was playing an old dodger.
We decided to re-imagine the role of Dodger.
A carster was like a 45-year-old man.
Yeah.
No, maybe Hendrix wasn't into Coronation Street
at that point.
Anyway, we've had a fun audience message from Luke Delaney,
who was in Kev Lovic International Airport in Iceland.
And, as Anna mentioned, Jimmy Hendrix's phallic cast,
where he got his thing cast in plaster.
And it's in the phallological museum in Reykjavik.
And an advert came up for the Iceland penis museum
on the screen above the carousel, the baggage carousel,
while Luke was waiting to get his bags.
And then he went fishing while listening
to know such thing as a fish.
That's good.
Did he go to the museum?
He didn't, because he was too busy fishing.
But he said--
It's a small museum.
What was he called?
Andrew.
Luke.
Honestly, you could do it in half an hour, Luke.
There you go.
But Luke was too busy catching this salmon.
Very cool.
A biggie, which he then did release.
And it went on its way.
While listening to fish.
Right.
So if you've got photos of you doing something extreme,
while listening to a podcast, like fishing,
and the drop is a line.
I wonder how the owners of a phallic museum
feel when someone calls it small.
You hear of the winter?
There is.
Because we're sometimes called QI elves.
If you go to the phallological museum,
they also have displays of fictional characters
on what their penises are like, and it has elf.
And then it says penis-sized, presumably small.
And they have a golf putter in the shape of a penis, which
I used.
So you get to take it down and hit a ball.
Yeah.
It was just you could just pick it up and knock a golf ball.
There's no one of the precious display.
It's sort of what some of those museums are like.
Yeah, they have interactive stuff.
Exactly.
It was one of those.
This is the kids.
Does the ball look like a testicle?
No, it's just like a golf ball.
Actually, don't know what a testicle would look like.
Mine looked like golf balls.
We do that.
[LAUGHTER]
Golf balls is a condition like tennis elbow, isn't it?
It was--
[LAUGHTER]
Let's have some spicy meat.
All right.
Let's do it.
Steve McCabe.
How many of these have we done, Andy?
What'd you say, drop us a line?
36.
I'm still not sure what spicy meat is.
It's like--
I don't need to explain it.
Right.
Steve says, what section are we in now?
I don't know what number it's section four.
OK.
For the edit.
Not sure how, or indeed, if you could use this one,
but it feels too good to not share.
Apparently, as you spicy meat, it's sort of gossip.
All behind the curtain stuff with the three of us.
Apparently, in the folklore of the Latter-day Saints,
brackets, Mormons, Bigfoot is identified as Cain,
the son of Adam and Eve in the Bible.
Just Google Cain, Bigfoot, and Mormons.
It's a great rabbit warring to go down.
And that was just because it was down-relevant.
I thought it was not very spicy that meat, to be honest,
but I thought you might know about that already.
It's ringing a very, very, very distant bell.
That's cool.
Cool, anyway.
Question about Bigfoot.
Yeah.
Are they an individual?
Or are they a species?
Species.
In that case, if Cain is a Bigfoot, presumably able,
his brother is also a Bigfoot.
Yeah.
Which makes Adam and Eve Bigfoot.
Wow, this is actually--
So we're all Bigfoot, is what I'm saying.
We're all Bigfoot.
Oh, that's a nice theory.
Mystery solved.
This detective work that James is doing in this show is wild.
Liz May, this is stunning.
This is a dance-centric, potential identity theft.
He may need to consult a lawyer.
God, God.
All right.
No, they're done.
You have been ripped off.
Have I?
You've been ripped off.
Is there a headline?
You could walk--
Idiot seed.
No, no.
Dan, you could get potentially hundreds
of thousands in compensation.
OK.
There's a Japanese anime, where one of the main characters
has wavy dark hair.
OK, I'm sorry, but in Japanese anime,
I imagine a lot of the characters have wavy dark hair.
It's common.
Glasses and an obsession with all things
cryptid.
In the second season, he fights a Mongolian death worm.
Here comes the kuda grass.
The show is called Dan, Dad, Dan.
Oh, Dan, the Dan, I've seen that show.
That was it.
Yeah, yeah.
I not watched it all the way through by seeing clips of it.
Oh, OK.
And is that the fur--
I guess so.
I didn't see it before, but yeah, I see that now.
Who's dollar from home?
Do you think I modeled myself of a Japanese anime?
It's possible.
We've always had questions.
Whenever my son is in a touristy area, my youngest kid,
if there is a group that are from Japan,
they all respond to his look, because he has very curly,
wild hair, as if they point.
They don't point to any of our other kids, and they don't see them.
And they kind of go, oh, and it suggests
that he looks exactly like an anime that's over there.
And I haven't been able to find--
So maybe my whole family has been--
I'm not sure about that.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know.
For instance, my daughter got a similar thing
when we were in Sicily, but I think
it's because she's very blonde and very fair-skinned,
and it's kind of different to the people in Sicily.
And so they really like blonde kids, do you know what I mean?
Yeah, because it's an unusual--
I think so.
Oh, maybe she's part of a Sicilian anime.
Maybe she looks exactly like one of the heads of the Camaro
crime family, that's it.
They all fled in fear, whenever she walked down the street.
Little Bella was here.
Little Bella.
She looked like Molly Brando.
She talks like him.
Hit now, this is pretty spicy meat.
Cam Tockos, right?
Hello from Kansas City, Missouri.
Hello.
So global a show with a very heavy accentuation towards the USA.
My name is Cam, and I have a very fun fact
to share about Dan's book, The Theory of Everything Else.
OK.
Dan, a copy of your book is currently
doing a submarine tour at Brackett's classified location,
many, many miles underwater.
What?
My younger brother is currently working on a submarine,
where he is heavily restricted on what he can carry on.
About an hour ago, my mom informed me
that she sent him your book in his latest care package.
There's like, it's a bit lightweight, isn't it?
That'll be part of it.
Can't really put any of that in the adjacent,
because there's such effe tones.
That's thick.
What you need to write is a 30-page.
Oh, that's amazing.
That's incredible.
And it's got a good review.
My brother wrote to her from underwater saying
he enjoyed the read.
Oh, cool, is that?
That's incredible.
Thank you for sending that in.
Now, this was a bit I wasn't in,
but it was in one of the Edinburgh episodes.
Gonzalo writes, we don't know where from.
In fact, number two about Pigs on Trial.
Dan mentioned how in China, some farms created pig toilets.
OK, yeah.
Now, can you just remind the listener?
My memory of it is that the idea is
that you would make an outdoor toilet.
And when you flush it, the flush takes it directly
into a trough, which becomes part of the food.
It's not so much a flushes a long drop.
As a long drop?
Yeah, it's a long drop.
OK.
If you're of a sensitive disposition,
you might want to just click forward by 90 seconds.
OK.
This made me remember a story that the father
of one of my exes told me.
He was temporarily moving to a province in the Andes in Peru
and got invited to a farmhouse for dining.
After dining, he did ask for the bathroom
and got pointed to its location, far from the house.
The toilet itself was just a block of wood
with a hole in the middle.
He didn't think much of it since it
was something common in the area.
But as he was finishing, he felt something moist.
From below.
He stood up in a hurry and saw a pig looking back at him
from the hole in the wood.
He then noticed a kind of bowl below in the dirt,
a game to the realization of the pig,
had legged him in the ass as if searching for more.
Like, what?
So in that case, you don't even need toilet paper
in those toilets.
It's like you know those Japanese toilets
where you press a button and it washes your butt.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
So there you go, Peter, on this?
Sorry?
Peter, oh, Peter, Peter, Peter, Peter Andre.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Peter, Peter's animal, I don't know, they've got, I mean, they get a lot about animal welfare, but no, I don't know.
I would have thought that a pig would have quite a rough tongue.
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, your hemorrhoids are coming right off.
Oh, Dennis.
Oh my god.
Anyway, 90 seconds, because I worry that the 90 seconds was when you just said that.
Yeah, anyway, there you go.
Oh, that's a great anecdote.
Thanks, Gonzalo.
Yeah, brilliant.
Quite something.
We've had a query from Nathan Powell.
This is an old fish.
The section is called Old Fish.
You made a comment many episodes ago about fish not being able to swim up a urine stream and into a penis.
Yeah.
For years, I have been very nervous about this and I've been very...
One day I went to the toilet in the Andes and a whole pig swam.
No, and I've been very selective over my riverside urination areas as I believe that fish could swim up a urination stream and into my penis.
Please can you confirm that fish are unable to do this so I can urinate freely?
They can't.
They can't, yeah.
Because a urine stream, one reason is because a urine stream, if you look at it, it's not usually a full stream when it goes all the way down to a river.
Oh, right.
Ray cough very slightly and you can especially see that if you kind of do a slow-mo camera shot on it.
Do we know the origins of that myth?
I think it's 19th century.
So I looked up in the archive, episode one, two, one it was.
James, you said, idea that candy-ru fish will swim up your penis.
There have been only one or two stories of it happening in medical literature.
That's right.
But that must be people who are already in the water.
I believe, yeah, that's the idea and that they are in the water and the fish sort of follows the, you know, the stream.
Yeah, they can't taste or do whatever, yeah.
But yeah, I think them jumping up, the stream is not possible.
And also, I think that the cases in medical literature are not certain.
It's dubious, yeah.
Well, after you said that in that episode, the Anna added, according to one bit of 19th century literature,
the only means of preventing the candy-ru fish, swimming up your stream of urine into your bladder,
is immediate penis amputation.
Right, let's carry on.
Yep.
We're back on Quantum Baseball, actually.
And so this is in the nap.
See, see if earlier, or later, depending on the edit.
Jacob Morris writes, not only did Danny Yance and play for two teams in the same game,
but the rules allow for time travel.
So when a game is suspended due to inclement weather, it is frozen in time, effectively.
And when it's resumed, the game is considered for record-keeping purposes
to have taken place on the same day that it was suspended, right?
So you just like cut them together, yeah.
This means that it's possible for a player to reach a major milestone, quotes,
before they did it, because the stats from that game are retroactively uncertain.
Notably, superstar Juan Soto made his major league debut May 2018
and hit his home run, first home run, May 21st, so the next day.
Thanks to the quantum science of resumed game time travel,
he hit his actual first career home run in a game on June 18th
that was resumed from May 15th, five days before he made his debut.
Amazing.
That's incredible.
Isn't that good?
It was confusing, but I love it.
I love it.
Yeah, thanks, Jacob.
I feel like when you do the second half of that game, resuming it,
there should be a thing of continuity, where if you were in the stands,
you had to come dressed exactly as you were, everyone has to...
So you could smash the two bits of footage together.
Yeah, that's a really fun idea.
I'll mention that to Jacob, next time you try.
Derek Elliott Jones writes, "I was a good little listener this week
and followed James' instructions to connect on LinkedIn."
Oh, yeah.
Was that your end of show, I'm on LinkedIn, right?
Yeah, I did, and I've been absolutely inundated.
I've been LinkedIn links, yeah.
I've got loads.
They're still coming through.
Great.
I want to connect.
Your professional network must be absolutely bulging.
It is.
Yeah.
And I'm never going to do anything with it, because I don't really use LinkedIn.
But if anyone wants to offer me a job...
You're looking.
Yeah.
I did years ago, when we did LinkedIn ads, I made a joke in the show that I ran a banana company,
something like that.
That's all bananas.
And I...
Was it called banana?
It should have been.
It's absolutely should have been.
But I just put it as my description.
I did it on the day.
Oh, nice.
Like, not too long ago.
And I forgot that I'd left it there, and so it's my professional page, you know.
Oh, I thought you were going to say that, like, big banana have been in touch, and they
wanted to.
Nothing.
Didn't get anything.
Really?
Just a banana salesman on it and door to door or...
It's in specify.
Maybe I should have been more specific.
I mean, door to door is a good off.
I sort of...
I would be compelled to buy a banana at the door from someone who turned up as one.
Which?
Not with just one.
Someone just came to your door and said, "I have one banana."
He's chanting heavily.
He's been running.
We don't know where from, but he needs to get rid of this banana.
I'd be tempted.
I have...
I've had two bits of work from LinkedIn over the years.
Have you?
Yeah.
What people have just messaged me saying, "Well, I do this.
I must have met at least one of them was unpaid."
But...
Must do.
That's great.
Yeah.
When we did our tour and I had to find people for the end of the show.
Oh, yeah.
LinkedIn saved me.
Must have done.
Sounds like we're doing an ad for LinkedIn now, but it genuinely did save me.
That's how I got the Asparamancer.
It was LinkedIn.
Confined it.
My Sparagas fortune teller is on LinkedIn.
Yeah, but it's only if you're banana salesman, you're going to be connected to her, aren't you?
Yeah.
She did get confused when it turned out I was on a podcast about facts.
Well, Derek writes, because you know when you connect with someone, there are more profiles
for you.
Yeah.
Or if you search for someone that'll suggest links.
The algorithm tried to find other QI people for him to connect to, so there's Andrew Murray,
but just a random director at Hunter Mason, I don't know what that is.
There's Anna Tajinska, a content producer.
There's Anna Tajinska-Biali, and there's Laura Coonsburg.
I get all those as well, I might too.
Yeah.
I just assumed it was you guys because you didn't want to have your real name on LinkedIn.
I'm Laura Coonsburg on LinkedIn at me.
I like the Andrew Murray who's at Hunter.
Which one was that?
Oh, yeah.
Did you not connect the Hunter bit?
Nope.
Okay.
Wow.
It's a very difficult job hosting this show, Dan.
You're doing a great job.
I don't have time to spot my own name in the middle of a sentence.
Okay.
Yeah.
If anyone's listened to this and hasn't added me on LinkedIn, then why not?
Why not?
I don't see what's in it for you.
Definitely nothing's in it for me, but do it anyway.
Yeah.
And Caleb Partridge writes, "I was wondering if you've noticed," writes Caitlin, "that the
name Everard Digby scans perfectly with Erlin Erigby."
I have noticed, because do you remember?
Did I actually do this or did I just write it?
I wrote a song.
Yeah, I heard it.
I did do it, didn't I?
I did it on stage and it was, Erlin Erigby was a tune and Everard Digby was
one of the verses and Anna Toshinsky was another one.
And it was like this.
I don't think you ever, I think maybe you played it once at a work in progress, but I remember
you sending us a video of you playing it.
On piano?
I think you played it on piano.
I don't know.
I don't remember that.
That sounds good.
Erlin Erigby, yeah.
Wow.
And it was like, I don't know, can't remember what it was about now, but it was just something
about the podcast.
Yeah.
And they all led up to the final song, which was Erlin Erigby.
Love it.
I suppose you want to be able to do that anyway, because the Beatles are.
I don't know.
We're down there with it.
Yeah.
That must be parody laws.
There are parody laws.
Yeah, yeah.
So thank you, Caitlin.
We've got a wedding coming up.
This is nice.
Jody has written some information about golf, which I'll tell you later, James.
I think everyone would like to hear that.
That's all right.
It's about a cut price golf.
It's about railway tickets as well, so I am interested.
But in the 20s, there was a, there was a cut price golfers permit between Liverpool Street
in London and Oldborough in Suffolk, so a couple of hours away on the train.
Wow.
And there was a golfers certificate in the 20s, where you had reduced fares to 130 golf adjacent
stations if you got it signed by a golf club secretary, and you were going to play golf.
That sounds great.
Get money off.
Isn't that crazy?
That is really cool.
Money off.
A tick tocker who goes around all the golf courses in London and plays them and says
how good they are and also how far they are from the tube stations.
That's very useful.
Right.
It is, yeah.
I stayed in a caravan park the other day, and they've got the, yeah, officially, officially.
Oh, as in we, like, we were allowed to be there.
You booked.
Yeah, I stayed in it.
What are these?
It just, you made it sound a bit like you just, like, I stayed in a caravan park the other
day.
I wasn't, like, I just passed out, you know.
That's Anna, I'm thinking, oh, that's Anna.
Sorry.
It's my head went straight to that you'd been kicked out of home.
Well, that's not real all alone.
Personal stuff, yeah.
Is it a summer holiday?
Is it a marital breakdown?
It doesn't matter.
The point is I'm away and I'm getting the fresh air and it's really nice.
And actually, I prefer it without a caravan, you know what I mean?
Yeah, because you didn't say I was in a caravan, you said I was in a caravan park.
Yeah.
Because the anecdote hasn't got me in the caravan park.
I'm so sorry.
We jumped right.
We jumped all over.
No, please.
I just know that your anecdotes need help sometimes.
Let's let this one struggle to tease.
That's Andy's anecdotes.
Well, it does need ending, that's the difference.
There is a crazy golf course there.
And there was a board inside the restaurant that they have there where it showed a giant
circuit of crazy golf that goes on where it was a leaderboard and it printed out the monthly
list of who was leading around the fanat area.
And I wonder if you've ever been part of a crazy golf tour.
To be honest, I'm more of a maxi golf guy.
What's maxi?
As in large golf.
I'm not really a mini golf person.
So no, here's the answer.
Also, I've never been to fanat.
Well, I've been inviting you for a long time.
That's a lovely caravan for you to stay in what you're right.
No, I haven't put that big right.
I have been to a few like small golf courses where they put the best scores of the month.
I think it's nice.
What about this wedding?
Yes.
Jodie writes.
She sent the information about the golf.
And then she says, "I'm getting married to my own James at the end of September."
Sadly, I can't say we met through the podcast, but I was already a fan and introduced him
to it.
But as we were both obsessed with heritage rowways, there is a steam train theme to the wedding.
Cool.
Yes.
We will be travelling and having the meal on a steam train.
And I'm also planning to make candy coal for the favours, which is maybe think of you guys,
is there somewhere I can send some to you guys?
So she's going to send some candy coal for us.
Great.
Nice.
We'll eat it on our next duel.
Absolutely.
There we go.
There you go.
Kathleen Keast.
Right?
I've just listened to episode 5 and 4 about a pig being tried for murder in France.
You might want to check out a 1993 movie, The Advocate, which starred Colin Firth as the
lawyer who defended that murderous pig.
Wow.
Really?
How good is that?
Yeah.
He's not afraid to take a risk, Firth.
And Daniel Day Lewis played the pig?
Yes.
I had to live under a tiradilated peru for three months beforehand.
Oh, god.
Oh, there you go.
Thanks for that.
Buff fins.
I can't even remember what that stands for.
It's big.
Big old fish fan.
Factsperts.
It's experts.
Pete Today has just written, "Hi, ladies and gents.
Just listen to your piece on jigsaws.
I wanted to thank you for the publicity because Pete is the chair of the benevolent confraternity
of dysectologists."
Oh, cool.
The jigsaw group, and has included an election of some of his collection of old and new wooden
puzzles.
That your wife is a member of?
I'm afraid as a former member, she never made it along to the meetings and she wasn't kicked
out for anything.
I just think she renewed herself.
Membership flat.
Yeah.
Right.
I bought it for her as a one-year thing.
And I said, unless you're using your styling, I'm going to be quite serious and come off
it.
I think it's about 12 for the year's membership.
You're not using the electricity, is your hands at you, but you're not using it.
You're not using the light, then the light button, the bulb goes.
Oh, that's nice.
Anyway, so thanks.
Thank you.
Anything from him?
No, it was a link to some images of his collection of jigsaws, so it was an informational
gift, not a...
Well, that went into your personal folder.
Yeah, exactly.
Did your wife have the card, you know, the...
The Jigsaw?
Yeah, I know.
I can't remember now.
I can't remember either.
Is this where we got to last time?
It was a bit of an ampass.
I think I politely said, yes, she did have the card, but I can't remember.
She probably did.
Yeah, imagine if you're joining, you get the card.
Right.
And just to finish us off, so do you form that point?
That's definitely going to have to go at the end for continuity reasons.
Honestly, Adam's been away for two weeks.
He's been talking about introducing this page on this.
The new tier on Patreon.
Okay, sorry.
I can't actually see anymore, because I can't see.
Oh, dear.
All right, well, the continuity of me crying with laughter will that be a problem?
Yeah.
It's just a little bit of non-determ.
Go on.
There's a guy called Dr. William Wood, who's on a mission to ban wood stoves in Tasmania.
Very good.
Yeah.
I saw a book about the history of bread by a guy called Dr. Butterie.
No.
That's brilliant.
That's really good.
That's from Sam Leicester, I should say, sorry.
So Tracy Gunn writes, "Harrin Gate Council's noise and nuisance officer is Craig Bellringer."
Very good.
Pretty good.
That's it.
Oh, nice.
Happy ending.
That was a...
So thanks so much for listening to Dr. Sir Lion this month.
It's wonderful.
It's just a joy to read your emails.
Keep them coming.
We should do this more often.
Yeah.
Okay.
Finish us off.
Thanks for listening, and if you'd like to comment on anything we've said in the course
of this episode or any other episodes, then write an email to podcast@QI.com.
We'll be back before long with another drop of the line.
We'll see you then.
Bye.
(upbeat music)